[ADD] accounting/l10n: information to use pos in Germany with TSS (#1044)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/fiscal_localizations/localizations/germany.rst

It is possible to export your accounting entries from Odoo to Datev. To be able to use this
feature, the german accounting localization needs to be installed on your Odoo Enterprise database.
Then you can go in :menuselection:`Accounting --> Reporting --> General Ledger` then click on the
**Export Datev (csv)** button.

.. _germany/pos:

Point of Sale in Germany: Technical Security System
===================================================

> Since the new regulations "The Act on Protection against Manipulation of Digital Records"
> (Kassensicherungsverordnung), a **Technical Security System** (also called **TSS** or **TSE**) needs
> to be used for each :doc:`point of sale </applications/sales/point_of_sale>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the introduction of new regulations, namely "The Act on Protection against Manipulation of Digital Records"
(Kassensicherungsverordnung), every :doc:`point of sale </applications/sales/point_of_sale>` must be equipped
**Technical Security System** (also called **TSS** or **TSE**).
```
Rephrased for clarity (just a suggestion - feel free to discard)

Author: Here is another phrasing that doesn't include a "new" aspect. It's just a fact, independent of the time of writing.

```suggestion
The **Kassensicherungsverordnung** (The Act on Protection against Manipulation of Digital Records)
requires that electronic record-keeping systems - including the :doc:`point of sale
</applications/sales/point_of_sale>` systems - must be equipped with a **Technical Security System**
(also called **TSS** or **TSE**).
```

Author: @xpl-odoo

Odoo offers a service that is compliant with the help of `fiskaly <https://fiskaly.com>`_, a
*cloud-based solution*.

.. important::
   Since this solution is cloud-based, a working internet connection is required.

.. note::
   The only VAT rates allowed are given by fiskaly. You can check these rates by consulting:
   `fiskaly DSFinV-K API: VAT Definition
   <https://developer.fiskaly.com/api/dsfinvk/v0/#tag/VAT-Definition>`_.

Configuration
-------------

Modules installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

#. If your database was created before June 2021, :ref:`upgrade <general/upgrade>` your **Point of
   Sale** app (`point_of_sale`) and the **Restaurant** module (`pos_restaurant`).
#. :ref:`Install <general/install>` the **Germany - Certification for Point of Sale**

>    (`l10n_de_pos_cert`)and **Germany - Certification for Point of Sale of type restaurant**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   (`l10n_de_pos_cert`) and **Germany - Certification for Point of Sale of type restaurant**
```
Small typo

Author: thanks @trj-odoo .
and is it okay to have written "before June 2021"?
I wanted to ask you if that was correct since I added it out of the blue.

Reviewer 2: Yes, it's ok for me

Author: Thanks

   :align: center
   :alt: Upgrading Odoo Point of Sale from the Apps dashboard

Register your company at the financial authority
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To register your company, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings --> Companies -->
Update Info` and fill out the following fields:

- **Company name**
- Valid **address**
- **VAT** number
- **St.-Nr** (Steuernummer): this number is assigned by the tax office to every taxable natural or
  legal person. (e.g., `2893081508152`)
- **W-IdNr** (Wirtschafts-Identifikationsnummer): this number is used as a permanent
  identification number for economically active persons.

You can then **register your company through fiskaly** by opening the *fiskaly* tab and clicking on
the *fiskaly Registration* button.

.. image:: germany/fiskaly-registration.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Button to register a company through fiskaly in Odoo

Once the registration has been finalized, new fields appear:

- **fiskaly organization ID** refers to the ID of your company at the fiskaly side.
- **fiskaly API key** and **secret** are the credentials the system uses to access the services

>   offered by fiskaly with your company.

Reviewer: Not sure about _with_ your company
Maybe _for_ or _from_, but I'm not sure of the initial meaning. Or maybe with your company _details_ maybe?

.. image:: germany/fiskaly-keys.png
   :align: center
   :alt: fiskaly keys as displayed on Odoo

.. note::
   It is possible to request new credentials if there is any issue with the current ones.

Create and link a Technical Security System to your PoS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: germany/create-tss.png
   :align: right
   :alt: "Create TSS" option from a point of sale

To use your point of sale in Germany, you first have to create a :abbr:`TSS (Technical Security
System)` for it.

To do so, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Point of Sale`, open the point
of sale you want to edit, then check the box next to **Create TSS** and *Save*.

.. image:: germany/tss-ids.png
   :align: right

>    :alt: Example of TSS ID and Client ID from fiskaly on Odoo Point of Sale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Example of TSS ID and Client ID from fiskaly in Odoo Point of Sale
```
Maybe "on" is also correct, but I would use "in".

Once the creation of the TSS is successful, you can find your **TSS ID** and **Client ID** under the
*fiskaly API* section.

> - **TSS ID** refers to the ID of your TSS at fiskaly's side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **TSS ID** refers to the ID of your TSS at fiskaly's side.
```

- **Client ID** refers to your PoS but at fiskaly's side.

DSFinV-K
--------

.. image:: germany/dsfinv-k-export.png
   :align: right
   :alt: Menu to export DSFinV-K

Whenever you close a PoS session, the orders' details are sent to the :abbr:`DSFinV-K (Digitale
Schnittstelle der Finanzverwaltung für Kassensysteme)` service of fiskaly.

In case of an audit, you can export the data sent to DSFinV-K by going to :menuselection:`Point of
Sale --> Orders --> DSFinV-k exports`.

These fields are mandatory:

- **Name**

> - **Start Datetime** (only export data with dates larger than or equal to the given start date)
> - **End Datetime** (export data with dates smaller than or equal to the given start date)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Start Datetime** (only export data with dates larger than or equal to the given start date)
- **End Datetime** (only export data with dates smaller than or equal to the given end date)
```
Added _only_ for consistency, renamed _start_ date to _end_ date for End Datetime

> You can also specify a Point of Sale if you only want its data. Leave it blank if you want to export
> the data of all your PoS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leave the Point of Sale field blank if you want to export the data of all your PoS. Specify a Point of Sale if you only want to export this specific PoS' data.
```
Just a suggestion.

It is possible to export your accounting entries from Odoo to Datev. To be able to use this
feature, the german accounting localization needs to be installed on your Odoo Enterprise database.
Then you can go in :menuselection:`Accounting --> Reporting --> General Ledger` then click on the
**Export Datev (csv)** button.

.. _germany/pos:

Point of Sale in Germany: Technical Security System
===================================================

The **Kassensicherungsverordnung** (The Act on Protection against Manipulation of Digital Records)
requires that electronic record-keeping systems - including the :doc:`point of sale

> </applications/sales/point_of_sale>` systems - must be equipped with a **Technical Security System**

Reviewer 3: It's usually best to write relative paths than absolute paths when you don't need to go up to the root (both pages are under `applications`). It makes it easier to make changes to the structure of their common ancestors. In this case, however, the chain of `../` required for a relative link might need to be regularly updated to follow the frequent restructurations made under the `accounting` directory. So I'll let you judge whether an absolute or a relative link is more appropriate here, depending on whether new structural changes are planned for this directory.

- **VAT** number
- **St.-Nr** (Steuernummer): this number is assigned by the tax office to every taxable natural or
  legal person. (e.g., `2893081508152`)
- **W-IdNr** (Wirtschafts-Identifikationsnummer): this number is used as a permanent
  identification number for economically active persons.

You can then **register your company through fiskaly** by opening the *fiskaly* tab and clicking on
the *fiskaly Registration* button.

.. image:: germany/fiskaly-registration.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Button to register a company through fiskaly in Odoo

Once the registration has been finalized, new fields appear:

- **fiskaly organization ID** refers to the ID of your company at the fiskaly side.
- **fiskaly API key** and **secret** are the credentials the system uses to access the services
  offered by fiskaly.

.. image:: germany/fiskaly-keys.png
   :align: center
   :alt: fiskaly keys as displayed on Odoo

.. note::
   It is possible to request new credentials if there is any issue with the current ones.

Create and link a Technical Security System to your PoS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: germany/create-tss.png
   :align: right

>    :alt: "Create TSS" option from a point of sale

Reviewer 3: Do quotes make sense in an `alt` tag?
